Generate PDFs on the fly.
We use very common spring boot application.
It's almost a barebones with a few dependencies.
We use spring boot version two seven, but its very general solution we use still Java version 1.8.
So the solution can be included in any legacy application.
And we actually run DOS things.
We use a few more basic.
Other dependencies like spring would start a web.
We use a time leave.
We actually use HTML templates for creating a PDF.
So time leave is being used as template engine.
We use DEF tools, we use Lombok for speeding up development and those are all basic things common to
almost any springboard application.
We of course, need something very specific to generating the PDFs.
So we use a bunch of libraries here.
We rely on it's PDF actually, and we use a.
A few other things like your bounce castle.
We are going to embed images and barcodes, so and we are even able to sign a PDF file at the end.
So we use some dependency that helps us to implement those things to include those dependencies into
your project.
Just copy paste things from attached git repo and you can use it.
And that's basically all this is staff who we are going to use in an implementation.
As I mentioned earlier, we are going to include images or barcodes into PDF and we can even assign
it.
So we use some libraries that can be replaced with something you are familiar more if needed.
Usually the implementation is based on some standard communication with input streams and so on, so
it's easy to re-use something you are more familiar with or this is more common to your project.